Hello,...this...going to show you how you can create the csharp.
Windows form application project to connect to see panel
my sql database now whenever you bias
some web hosting for...your website, for example,
you by hosting from good that...skater or any other hosting website to
host your on a website then it comes with
...bengal and, for example, the...panel will
look something like this I'm using the goal that the web hosting
but it can be any of the roped hosting and the will all provide seep and,
in the last video I've shown you how you can create a
...sql database using this
...parallel okay so if you don't know-how to created just
see my last video arrivalgive the link in the description.